Improve documentation for variables/params (#6387)
ovh/cds: docs/content/docs/concepts/variables.md

---
title: "Variables"
weight: 6

> tags: ["variable", "variables", "helper", "helpers", "interpolate", ,"parameters","parameters"]

Author: I still want the plural form of parameter as it is the case for variable

- `{{.git.pr.comment.author}}`: Author name of the comment
- `{{.git.pr.comment.author.email}}` Author email of the comment

## Pipeline parameters

> On a pipeline, you can add some parameters, this will let you to use `{{.cds.pip.varname}}` in your pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a pipeline, you can add some parameters, this will let you to use `{{.cds.pip.param_name}}` in your pipeline.
```

> On a pipeline, you can add some parameters, this will let you to use `{{.cds.pip.varname}}` in your pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a pipeline, you can add some parameters, this will let you to use `{{.cds.pip.param_name}}` in your pipeline.
```

> On a pipeline, you can add some parameters, this will let you to use `{{.cds.pip.varname}}` in your pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a pipeline, you can add some parameters, this will let you to use `{{.cds.pip.param_name}}` in your pipeline.
```

> ~~~yaml
> version: v1.0
> name: build
> 
> parameters:
>   param_name:
>     type: string
>     default: default_value
> 
> stages:
>   ...
> ~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
version: v1.0
name: build

parameters:
  param_name:
    type: string
    default: default_value

stages:
  ...
```
```

> This will let you to use `{{.cds.pip.varname}}` in your pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Why do you want to remove this line ?

Then, in the workflow, you can set the value for pipeline parameter in the `pipeline context`.

~~~yaml
workflow:
  parameters:
    version: "{{.cds.version}}"
...
~~~

You can use a Git or Builtin varaible using "", eg:

~~~yaml
workflow:
  parameters:
    param_name: value
...

> ~~~

Reviewer: ```yml
name: test-workflow
version: v2.0
workflow:
  the-pipeline:
    pipeline: build
    parameters:
      varname: the-value
...
```

You can use a Git or Builtin variable. example:

```yml
name: test-workflow
version: v2.0
workflow:
  the-pipeline:
    pipeline: build
    parameters:
      varname: {{.cds.version}}
...
```
